Initial CI setup and website tweaks (#1)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-directions: README.md

# Maplibre GL Directions

A plugin to show routing directions on a MapLibre GL JS map. Supports any [OSRM](http://project-osrm.org/) or [Mapbox Directions API](https://docs.mapbox.com/api/navigation/directions/) compatible Routing-provider.

![1st Demo Screenshot](demo/src/assets/screenshots/1.png)
![2nd Demo Screenshot](demo/src/assets/screenshots/2.png)
![3rd Demo Screenshot](demo/src/assets/screenshots/3.png)

> [Live Demo](https://maplibre.github.io/maplibre-gl-directions/#/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Live Demo](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-directions/#/).
```

directions.clear();
```

> Check out the [Demo](https://maplibre.github.io/maplibre-gl-directions/#/) or dive right into the [API Docs](https://maplibre.github.io/maplibre-gl-directions/api) for more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [Demo](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-directions/#/) or dive right into the [API Docs](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-directions/api) for more!
```
